
DIAGRAMS
--------

biconvex solid is the intersection of two spheres

diagram showing how to calculate sphere radius r, sphere offset for biconvex of given width/height

diagram showing how to calculate the bevel torus major/minor radii

diagram showing cases for calculating biconvex support:

    1. intersection of the support of both spheres 
    2. but it breaks with this case
    3. where is the cutoff point? how to calculate it (diagram + math)

various diagrams explaining rigid body kinematics concepts (TODO: BREAK DOWN!)

go stone with bounding sphere in dashed red lines

go board with voronoi regions according to bounding sphere with radius r

go board with primary face voronoi highlighted. we're going to look just at this case.

diagram showing stone penetrating into board. show push up. show contact point + impulse applied

math formula for collision impulse (general two moving bodies)

math formula for collision impulse (one body is fixed, eg. infinite mass)

elastic collision: reflected vector, inelastic: flat line post collision along surface.

coefficient of restitution. how much bounce? formula.

what is an inertia tensor? diagrams showing how hard it is to rotate about axis, eg. crank about axis. arrow taking axis -> entry in matrix correspoding.

show masses at the end of dumbells. harder to rotate the further away the mass is.

diagram showing how to numerically derive inertia tensor.

diagram + math showing triple integral for inertia tensor.

math for collision response with angular effects. try and break it down a bit.

diagram showing normal impulse vs. tangent impulse

coulomb friction cone


IMAGES:
-------

lots of people playing go in asia (done)

image of different go board sizes: 19x19, 13x13, 9x9

images to show basic sequence of how to play on a 9x9 board
 + capture from goban app?
 + show stone in the center (white). show "liberties"
 + show liberties on the side, on the corner.
 + show capturing stones in the center
 + show capturing stones on the side
 + show capturing a stone in the corner
 + show minimal life shape in center, in corner etc.
 + two eyes. end it here

show professional games or go club to talk about story

show top down game with 9 stone handcap (story cont)

lots of different types of boards + stones (done)

how to hold the go stone (done)

various shots of stones side-on to show shape (done)


DEMOS:
------

tesselation
 + naive tesselation (done)
 + triangle subdivision (done)
 + bevel (done)
 + render (done)

biconvex support
 + show support in thick red line at bottom of the screen
 + show dashed red line from each side of the biconvex to the support
 + highlight extremity points on the biconvex left/right

kinematics
 + tbd....

linear collision response
 + render various stones with different elasticities side by side?

angular collision response
 + existing demo is fine, perhaps with different elasticities side by side as well?

coulomb friction
 + existing demo is good, but need better rendering on stone, and need board to look realistic + shadows



REFERENCES:
-----------

ryg's explanation of spin quaternion derivation

baraff physics simulation course notes
